Throw ArgumentNullException if DSN is null (#2655)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

- Drop .NET 6 Mobile in favor of .NET 7 ([#2624](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2604))

API Changes:

> - If no DSN has been supplied when initializing Sentry, and ArgumentNullException is now thrown ([#2655](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2655))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `null` has been supplied as DSN when initializing Sentry, and ArgumentNullException is now thrown ([#2655](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2655))
```
